# The Growth Mindset

On the Upgrade your technical skills with deliberate practice I want to learn more about the Matasano Crypto Challenges and maybe in the long run become a blockchain developer. I need to challenge my self in learning programming in blockchain or learn machine learing. I need to start build projects on my own and start to work on my portfilo. On the the power of believing that you can improve I learn need to praise my self more and work on little rewards like maybe once done solving a problem I can play a quick video match. I need to work on my self esteem and not be so hard on my self. I need to work on my self confidence.nOn the power of passion and perseverance on grit. My grit is to always improve no matter and there is always a bigger picture. On the power of passion and perseverance I learn about the true success is on my own. The journey to success is what will make me a better person and find my passion on my own.

Based on the Emotional Intelligence results the score that I did well in the self management category. I can always try to maintain positive environment around me. I do need improvement in the relationship management , social awareness, and my lowest score was the self awareness. I can use these scores that need improvement to constantly drive myself to improve everyday. With these improving overtime and developing at the same time I can become a better peer and friend. For the time being I can use my strengths in self management and show others my technique I use. That will be the first step and the rest of the category will improve.

Based on the biases results I receive was between the 75 and 99 area which I made progress but still have room to grow. This was a awesome assessment to see where I stand. Looks like I have to improve on what is bias, bias and identity, effective courage, bias and the brain category. Base on the questionnaire I will improve on understanding bias and improve my courage to standout more. I need to more of a leader than a follower.
